High Concept: Play as a cynical individual, and try to kill all the dispicable robots in the facility.  
Player Experience Goals: The player can play this breakout clone that involves you being on a motorcycle
and you throwing a ball to kill robots. The player can dodge the incoming ball when it is to his advantage
of killing these robots.  When the ball hits the bike, the player recieves 250 points.  When the ball hits the bike an 129th time, the player has to start over from the menu and play again.  The thrill of getting a high score just keeps getting better!!!!!!!!!!!! This game has "You're Winner" which is from Big Rigs Over the Road Racing - one of the worst video games ever
Genre: Shooter and Platformer
Gameplay: Use arrows to move. Kill as many robots as you can, but avoid being hit by the ball a 129th time
Setting: It takes place in a robot factory that has a Tron-feel to it.
Story: In the near future, there are robots that go to people's houses and murder them for various crimes, such as political beliefs.  The crimes are something as simple as political backlash and inflammatory speech on the internet. Freedom of speech does not exist anymore.  The United States has become as totalitarian government. The National Security Agency, FBI, and the Navy Seals have been building robots that could search "criminal's" houses and perform justice on them.  You are this person who has a grudge against the U.S. government and decided enough was enough.  You wish to bring back the United States to where it was been 30 years, living in more peace and less violence and anarchy.  The murder rate from these robots has increased severely over the past four years.  Even, these robots have killed many children.  And yes, most schools and institutions were being shut down because of these robots.  So, the United States is in a state of emergency.  Your job is to change it from a state of emergency to a state of progress.  You are being transferred to a tron-like facility that builds these bad robots.  You decide to bring some robots to trial over there and try to kill them so that other robots being built in that facility will develop amicability and thus become more friendly with human beings.  You hang the bad robots from the ceiling of the factory.  You are on a Tron-like motorcycle and try to destroy all these robots from the ceiling with a ball that explodes them on impact.  But, the average human being is only able to receive 32 hits from the ball until he or she becomes paralyzed and will end up at the hospital to become rescucitated.  The politics and the overall situation of the United States will become better.  On the flip side, if you kill all these bad robots in the factory, you get to restore the government of the United States and the President will sign a peace treaty for the population of the United States.  
Features: It has a score tracker, tracker of how many robots you have left to kill, and displays a political message.  It has 200 robots in the game world and that is pretty much it.
Target Audience: For people over the age of eight.  It has simple controls but has advanced mechanics. This game is highly recommended for those who love the Terminator series.  This game is also for those who are obsessed with robots. 
Strategies: Keep the ball hitting the robots, and let the ball touch you at most 128 times to get 32,000 additional points!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Prototype assets: From Google images, made in Piskel
Prototype Closest other game: Borrowed from Phaser tutorial for making a breakout clone
http://dailyjs.com/2014/09/16/phaser-tutorial/

Actually, Steve Jobs made Breakout